From the Hyatt Regency Hotel and beautiful Montreal Kebbeck,
Harmontown is now in session.
Let's bring out Spencer Triton and everybody.
You know him.
You love him.
You want a piece of him, Spencer.
How you doing, brother?
I'm so good.
How was that chicken sandwich with the McDonald's sitting with you?
It was not so good.
Let's bring out the mayor, Harmontown, Dan Harmon.
Bonjour.
We're going to do the whole show in French.
Dan, almost.
There we are.
The German Pell, and I'm out.
That's it.
That's all I got.
That's two years of French in my high school days.
They make you take French, but you can also take Spanish, and you take each one for a year
and you just kind of, I don't know, if eight here is wheat or ocho, you know, if being
bilingual makes you so great, then how come everyone bilingual isn't rich, you know?
Like you why don't you have twice as much money if it's so important?
I guess Americans can't really have that philosophy anymore.
We're kind of broke now.
The joke, if you speak three languages, you try a language, if you speak two languages,
you're bilingual, if you speak one language, you're American.
Yeah.
We're, yeah, I mean, we may be back here in November forever.
I'm sure you've heard that a lot.
We'll be very low profile, like we're not going to act like we're allowed to be here.
We'll thank you for not building a wall before we get here, and we'll just hang out.
And I will just enjoy sitting in a corner dipping French fries and mayonnaise without
feeling creepy.
Like, I love that so much.
Thank you for that cultural, hey, like, they just brought a bowl of mayonnaise with French
fries and then just like, yum, yum, yum, yum, yum, like the French fries may as well be
a spoon.
Yum, yum.
It's just, it's just yummy, yummy, if a gravy on anything you want.
So some Montreal Facts, Jeff.
Oh.
You know, the typewriter was invented here, and the shoe, the shoe was invented here.
Just the left one.
Just the one shoe.
It took another country to invent the other shoe.
Portugal invented the right shoe.
And did you guys know that for a long time, shoes existed before they figured out to make
left and right versions of them?
There was just neutral shoes for a long time.
That makes sense, I guess.
Yeah, yeah.
It's cool.
I love it.
Carry on.
What year did we start making feet-specific shoes?
Ancient history, like, maybe Egypt figured it out or something, but a long time ago.
How are you, Spencer?
I noticed you got more applause than I did.
Oh, yeah.
I don't know about that.
You know why?
Because you're as Canadian as an American can get.
You're like, you know, I meant it as a compliment.
Yeah, you always mean it as a compliment, and I always take it as an insult.
Do I say it a lot?
Yeah.
All the time.
Really?
A Canadian piece of shit?
Yeah.
And just, like, well, you, for instance, you know, you missed your flight.
Like, that's pretty Canadian, because you were probably like, like, why isn't there just
a flight all the time that anyone can just get on, because mass transit?
Right.
You guys love mass transit?
So you missed his flight?
Because of mass transit.
It's connecting dots, just trying to talk about you missing your flight.
No, I love it.
I didn't bring my passport.
I think that you used to not need a passport.
I don't know.
I didn't bring my passport.
That was back when people had the same shoe on both feet.
We invented countries and left and right shoes in 1928.
Yeah.
It was Al Capone invented the right shoe and the passport, and there's stuff flying off
of my mustache.
I don't know if you can see that.
That means it's going to be a good show.
I'm a little sober.
I apologize.
But yeah, the bar is not open.
How do you have a hotel during a festival at one o'clock p.m. and the bar be shut?
It's directly above us.
I think we hit the ceiling.
Can we get some drops of booze to trickle down the light fixtures?
Levy texted us all in a group text this morning telling us where to meet and what the deal
was.
He said, the show is below the bar, and Jeff said, I'll say, I've got some notes.
And then Spencer said, that's what she said, and we're like, okay, let's make this real
clear.
The woman on the text chain was doing, that's what she said, all morning, and by the time
I was doing it, it was very clearly ironic.
Okay.
All right.
That's what she said.
See, then I wrote, then after 100, that's what she said, I wrote, I have a vagina and
like to have sex with men, and no one said anything.
And nobody said anything.
Yeah.
You guys find it hard to get.
That's proof that that's what she said doesn't actually mean that's what she said.
Right.
It means something else.
I don't know what it means.
We don't know who she is, why she keeps saying stuff.
She's pretty chatty.
She says a lot of stuff.
All right.
So let me just look at my...
You have a monitor down.
Do you see yourself down here?
Oh, Jesus.
You can see the own stuff flying up your own mustache.
I took off all my clothes in San Diego, and I was looking at screen grabs of it, and
I was like, I got to get on the elliptical, but then I just ate a quarter pounder with
fromage downstairs, fries with mayonnaise, I fucking hate myself so much, just a fucking
disgusting monster.
Just imagine being my girlfriend and just like looking up at this fucking giant, like
gross flappy tits, like bouncing up and down, and like I like grit my teeth and go, eugh,
eugh, I made a TV show once, I'm going to come thinking about my TV show, looking at
my own tits.
She's a saint.
She's a good woman.
On the flight here, a guy I'm dating sent, I left a little, like, little lovely post-it
notes around the crib, and she was texting Cody, Dan's girlfriend, and she said, oh,
look, she took a picture of one of her post-it notes that I love you on the fridge, and Cody
goes, oh, Dan, shit the bed.
Okay.
Well, I was saving that for later, but it was only a matter of time, you've heard me
talk on the podcast about shitting my pants a lot, and what is a bed but a large pair
of pants you wear for eight hours of your day, and so, of course, it was a matter of
time before I actually took a picture.
You're wearing those giant pants a third of your life.
You're going to poop those pants as much.
I mean, so, like, I'm on this, I know I don't look like it, but I'm on this soylent diet
back at home, like, I'm just trying to, you know, like, if I, and if I'm on the soylent
long enough, like, for a couple of days, it's like, you know, I'm just, I'm just teeing
it up, like, I don't want you to worry about me, like, that I'm always shitting uncontrollably.
I, like, I, so, I just, just full disclosure, and, like, I mean, I just have to tell you
everything, because I was like, this is like, how did you, what happened, and I was like,
I was, I was masturbating, and so, I, I, and I'm,
So you shake yourself.
I'm a, I'm a, I'm a kneeler, and I, so I had my laptop open in front of me, and I was
kneeling.
Okay.
Can I pause for a second?
You don't have to applaud, but by applause, does anybody, anybody, anybody hear a kneeler
when they masturbate?
Yeah, that's what I thought.
Oh, okay.
Really?
It's not, I think a thing?
Are you?
You'll kneel?
Was there a gal applauding to you next year?
You're also, I can't really see, are you a gal?
Yes.
You're a kneeler too?
You have.
You have, you have knelts, but you're not a kneeler.
Like a kneeler.
Yeah.
I've done all kinds of shit.
I, I put a pen on my ass, but I'm not an ass-penner.
Like, I, I've done meth, but I'm not a meth-er, like, I'm just a, I'm just an adventurer.
I'm a, I'm a tourist, I'm a connoisseur of, of variety.
There's no other dedicated kneeler here, no?
But I really, I, I really, I'm actually surprised by that.
I've never bothered to ask, because like, for instance, watch this, like, how many people
here wipe their ass standing up?
Sometimes.
See?
I know it's embarrassed, and you have to double that because who's gonna clap?
The brave, and the, and the single, or, or, or, no, no, the other way around, it's probably
the people in couples.
Like, yeah.
But, but, but the, but that's like a really specific thing that you would think is kind
of weird.
And like, it's a, you know, like 40% of the world wipes their ass standing up.
But no kneelers.
So there's something really weird about me.
Like, I don't know what it is.
What percent of the world doesn't have squat toilets, though?
Does that line up?
Like, because in a squat toilet, you probably
have to stand a white.
Oh, well, I don't know how that figures in.
I just looked at it.
We could get someone on that.
I bet it's like 40% of the Western, like, sitting toilet
world.
Oh, OK.
Well, fuck it.
But I'm just guessing.
Yeah, yeah.
We should have like a Harmontown statistician.
Like, somebody's up here and just pulling up stats for us.
Yeah.
It sounds like it.
Did you know that Montreal is the fourth largest country
in the world?
And they have the 16th largest navy.
And each sailor gets their own typewriter.
And who's the current prime minister of Canada, then?
King Geraldo.
He just has one name.
And he's a very controversial figure.
He's run for four terms.
And he loves pickles.
And the metric system.
They make a king run for election?
Mm-hmm.
Yes.
And they call feet yards.
Here, did you know that?
Feet are yards, these people.
You got to love them.
Their trolleys don't have wheels.
They have sleds, little sleds on them.
If you say, excuse me, that means fuck you.
Pants are napkins.
Glasses are an insult to your mother's family,
which is your family as well.
It's just on the matrilineal side.
Excuse me.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Piece of shit.
Whoa.
All right, so you're masturbating.
You're about to shake yourself.
All right, all right.
Let's stay on target here, dad.
Well, maybe we should parcel this thing out.
It'll be like Spalding Grey.
Like, I'll take you up to a little point,
and then I'll talk about some other stuff.
And then I'll go, OK, so here I am, naked and squatting on the.
So I wonder what it is.
I think maybe it's, who knows?
I don't know why I'm a kneeler.
I don't know.
I really thought there would be a couple kneelers in here.
Like, really, like, I can.
Is there an origin story?
I can bring myself to orgasm easily enough,
laying down, or maybe sitting in the lotus position.
I don't know.
Like, I can.
Are there any lotusers here?
I can finish in a variety of ways.
But when it comes to, like, OK, I have work in 10 minutes.
Like, the Uber's on its way.
Like, I'm a kneeler.
Do you flex your legs when you're kneeling?
Or are you just trying to be as neutral as possible?
Like, are your legs doing anything?
Or are they just propping you up to jerk off?
Because, like, sometimes when I'm, like, feeling good,
sometimes when I'm feeling good flexing,
flexing those muscles helps.
It, like, it makes me feel different.
I sit on my heels.
Right.
OK.
So you're like, you look like.
You aren't shitting while you're, like, upright.
You're kind of in just a modified sitting position.
Well, this isn't how I shit, just so to make it clear.
This is how I shitting lower heels.
What I was doing when I shit once.
We're going to start the show in a couple minutes and just.
But I, so I was, I had the laptop open and I'm kneeling.
And I, and I, and I, again, with the Soylent.
And also, I've recently discovered, like,
oh, a little, a couple, a couple of toots on a vape pen.
You know?
Like, makes masturbation more palatable.
Sure.
Palatable.
Like, it's not palatable.
Yeah, it's tough, but it is.
I mean, you know, makes it, like, you know,
it's like less of a drag.
If you get, if you get, if you get high on marijuana,
like, it's, it's, it's fun to jerk off.
Funder.
And so I, but I, and I, so I took a little hit of a joint
and I was kneeling.
And I.
This is last night?
No, this is when I, this is when I.
Oh, two nights ago, rather, yeah.
And I coughed.
I'll do it.
And then, and then I didn't, I didn't know.
I was like, that was a hot one, but, you know,
and then I jerked off.
And then I, but I didn't know.
And then I, like, I guess I, that I fell asleep like.
Oh, no.
Jesus Christ.
It's a blasé attitude.
But you just described, you just showed us how you did it.
Didn't you poop on your feet?
Cause you, you, you probably saw something.
No, this is, my feet aren't underneath my butthole.
They were.
Like, I'm not like a, the land of lakes girl, like.
I'm like, you know, I got you.
All right.
So I'm like a guy on a New York subway.
I'm about three-seater with my, my spread.
Okay.
So you, you, you, you, you drift off to sleep.
And I, and I get up and I got to go do something.
And I look, I go, oh boy, I pooped in the bed.
I see it and I go, I don't have time to do anything with you.
No, she wasn't it.
Why would I be kneeling and masturbating and farting?
I mean, maybe she came in later on and joined you in bed.
No, that's the reason why this is all public knowledge now
is because before we let, we were supposed to meet because,
to, to, to get, because we were going to,
she was going to spend the night and we had an early flight
to come to Montreal.
And like, I, so she, I was at work and she, and then Levy,
I had told Levy that I pooped in the bed, Steve Levy.
That seemed more like a Spencer task, isn't it?
It's nobody's task, but I said, I didn't tell,
I wasn't telling him so we would clean it up.
I was just saying, Spencer, are you jealous that Steve's
leaving out the call?
I would have been real jealous.
Yeah.
I was just, I was said to Levy like, like, like make sure I get,
I need to get home before Cody gets there.
I need to beat her home, like, because I have some things to
tend to, I pooped in the bed.
You just left it there for the day.
I had no choice.
I had to leave.
You're throwing the laundry.
I didn't have time to do anything.
Did you guys just leave the poop on the bed?
Well, I did.
Cody just, Cody's texting me.
She said, don't forget the reason you had to tell me was
because of the new sheets.
Yes, OK.
So the sheets I pooped on were brand new sheets that Cody had
like found on Amazon because I have a King,
California King mattress and, and so she found, I'm going to,
it's getting a little hot up here.
I'm going to take off my sweatshirt.
Don't poop yourself.
I don't know why I'd be sweating up here telling this story.
God damn it.
Such a fucking gross monster.
So I shit on the fucking new sheets that she, so I knew,
even if I, even if the, even if I knew that if she got home
before me, that she'd see that the new sheets came and she'd
be excited, like I knew she'd like want to look at them.
All of them, you know, she'd like whip back the DeVay and go,
look at these new sheets.
You covered us up with the DeVay?
I didn't cover it up.
OK, I guess I maybe, I guess I might.
Geez.
Oh no.
You're a fucking villain.
I'm not, I wasn't trying to hide it from anybody.
I, I have a dog sitter, so I didn't want her to have to look
at shit.
I just figured that she came in the room to get the dogs and
then she, maybe she'd see that I didn't want anyone to have
to deal with my things, you know?
I don't want to have to, people have to see things that would
make them, you know, have to never unsee them, you know?
Like, I don't want people to have to think about who I really
am, it's a burden on people.
It's like, it's like, it's like going to Vietnam, knowing me,
like knowing little things, if you could, you could see things
that would, that would be the equivalent of like, seeing a,
a beheading or something.
So, now you're, you're, you're, so she's texting me and I go,
I just, let me see if I can find the conversation.
She was, I, I, Steve, Steve comes running in and he goes
like, Cody's on her way to your house.
And she has a key.
Scrolling.
And I, and he knows why that's dangerous.
Right.
This is like high noon all of a sudden.
We should have locked the gate.
She couldn't even use her house key that way.
I don't, I wasn't thinking when I left the house, I have to
keep Cody out of the house.
I was thinking, I have to come home early and clean up my shit.
That's a good thought.
I'm just looking for this.
Sorry.
It's a, let's all look up stuff on our phones.
Oh, Spencer, talk about the one pen thing on airplanes.
This is called, this is a segment called, let's uncork
Spencer's rage.
Yeah.
So when you fly here, you got to fill out a sheet.
I don't even know why.
I guess it's just so like they know if you're taking like
large amounts of money into the country or like
plants or something.
I don't know.
But you got to fill out a sheet, but then they don't have
any pens on the plane because pens are very expensive.
We all know this.
How much, how much money have you guys spent in pens in the
last year?
Because for me, it's at least $1,000.
And I'm not even an airline.
And God knows on an airplane, like spaces at a premiums and
pens are so bulky, they're like, they're like a million hot
towels worth of space or shitty meals or fucking weird
crackers or all the other crap they jam into a plane.
And it's not like you can place them in a bag.
No, they fall right out.
And they'd make a lousy promotional tool because you
can't put your logo on them.
No.
And no one ever needs one.
And they never give one to anyone else.
And everyone's always traveling with writing utensils.
Any time I go out of the door, I have writing utensils.
I got a colored pencil set.
Wallet, key, phone, ballpoint pen, because I'm a form filler.
Yeah.
That's what we do.
And also just writing on paper is so today, it's so
useful.
Like everyone's writing just stuff down on pieces of paper
these days.
You'd think that they'd have taken care of that with note
taking apps on phones or word processors on computers.
Anyway, they don't have any fucking pens.
They make you fill out a form.
But the thing is, there are pens on the plane, but God help
you if you get off the plane without filling out that form.
Because in the way to get out of the airport, there's
absolutely no one who will give you a pen.
And they'll tell you they're not allowed to give you a pen.
Or they did last time.
I don't know.
This time I brought it from the guy next to me.
But then you're just trapped in another country without
cellular data service, in most cases.
And you have to fill out a form without any ability to fill
out a form.
Like there's literally nothing you can do.
You can't go to a store and buy a pen because you're not on
that side of the thing.
So you're just stuck in this legal limbo where you have to
fill out this form that says I'm not carrying
plants or $20,000.
How often does that come up?
Who gets that information?
How do they know if you're lying?
What if your address is off by a digit?
Like who gives a shit?
If they're able to catch you in that, then why don't they
have the information?
Why would you have to fill out a form?
However they would have kept it.
Oh, so you live at 123 Hibiscus?
Sure.
Ha.
But what are they catching with that process?
The guy asked me a million questions.
I don't fucking know where I'm going.
How are we going to leave them?
What are you doing in Montreal?
I'm here for the festival.
What?
The guys kept saying what every time.
I'm like, if your job is to interrogate dumb fat
Americans coming into your country, learn to recognize
mumbling.
I was like, I'm here for the Just for Laughs Festival.
What?
I was here for the Just for Laughs Festival.
Oh, do you have a letter?
A letter?
I haven't had a letter since 1989.
Who has a letter?
What am I, Paul Revere?
Do I have a letter?
Is this Game of Thrones?
What the fuck are you talking about?
Do you have a radio?
I sent it for a crow so I can enter your fucking house
tully.
What the fuck?
What?
Now, Canadian customs people are much nicer
than the US customs people.
Yeah, but there's still customs people.
That's like saying, oh, my turgid is more fiber in it.
I think two times, Greg Proops, we travel to Canada a lot.
And Greg Proops, the comedian and friend of the show,
he twice, so what's your occupation?
He goes, I'm a comedian.
And I go, no, it's like you're an American.
I didn't say it was Canadian.
I said it was a comedian.
That's twice that's happened from a comedian.
Like you'd go up to customs and be like, I'm a Canadian.
Let me in for a living.
That's how I make my money.
But I go, I'm a Canadian.
Do you have a letter?
What are you talking about?
And he says, oh, usually there's a letter.
An invitation to perform a question.
And then they send you a letter.
I'm like, well, I guess that letter
would get sent to a letter receiver.
I am a performer.
I am an artist.
He's like, oh, well, sir, are you traveling with a party?
I said, yes, I am.
And he said, so where are you going?
I said, your mom's house.
I said, a hotel.
Which one?
I don't know.
We had the exact same conversation.
I'm hard going to pick me up.
Like, I have left that brain space
free for hilarious stories about shitting in a bed.
Meanwhile, Seth Rogen was on our flight.
And that dude got shot out of there on a magic carpet.
He didn't do anything.
There was a good-looking middle-aged woman
who picked him up and just like put him up.
Like they carried him out on a litter like Cleopatra.
And he just fucking, it was amazing.
Yeah, I was looking at Seth Rogen like on the plane.
And I was just thinking about that.
I'm like, does he have to fill out this fucking form
and look for a pen?
I bet he doesn't.
I bet Alec Baldwin doesn't go to the DMV.
Or that's a driver thing.
I don't know if they call it here.
Le cart de la department of the fromage vehicles.
Vehicle Le Mans.
Why is he mocking our language?
Look at him.
And why is he entitled to leap across the border
with no letter?
I mean, I don't think I'm entitled.
You should lock me out if you want.
But I was calling the guys bluff.
I'm like thinking, let's see where this goes.
Am I going to go to Guantanamo?
I've been taking a secondary screening in Canada.
And I got everything but being duct taped to a folding chair.
It was like, they sent me there.
I went through all my shit and gave me a look.
He did write a 94 on the bottom of my thing.
And I was like, I passed.
But then Cody's had like a 63 or something.
I was like, wait, is this percentage chance you're
a terrorist for the next people that check?
Because there's like a big 94.
I was actually really scared that they were going to go,
a 94 come with me.
And yeah, like find out what Canadian waterboarding is.
Mine had a big X and a 35.
Because I was going through the thing where you type in,
you put little foreign, they scan that in.
That's new for me.
They scan it in.
And it's like, you didn't say date left Canada.
And I was like, I don't know.
Date left Canada, and I was like, haven't left Canada.
Just got to Canada.
That happened to me too.
And I was like, OK, I'll say the date.
I will leave Canada.
So I write that down.
And then it goes, sorry, it shoots it back out.
It can read.
And it says, you didn't say how much money you're bringing in.
And so I wrote zero.
And he goes, you didn't say how much money.
So I wrote a bunch of zeros in there.
And I'm lying through them all.
And then it goes, how many plants do you have?
I said, I just wrote zero.
And he goes, all right, we're going
to have to ask you a lot more questions.
Why do you have zero plants?
I mean, those machines are new.
He's supposed to bring a gift.
You're going to see the Lannisters for God's sake.
You're empty handed?
Where is your poppy milk?
Milk of the poppy.
I've brought the letter a million times to Canada
where you get this letter of invitation that says,
where you're performing, what kind of theater, what the deal
is, who you're with, all this stuff.
And they never read it.
They just look at it.
You show them the letter and they go, OK, he has the letter.
And it's a cursory glance of the thing.
You can just hand them like a book.
And of course, ISIS could never get a hold of a Just
for Last letter.
It's just not within their fucking capability.
We've got so many other things to think about.
Yeah, we got ISIS to think about.
Remember, there was a guy in America,
there was a mailman that landed on the lawn with letters
for Congress to talk about campaign reform.
It was like a performance art slash protest slash possible
martyrdom because he knew there was a chance they might shoot
him out of the sky.
It's a guy who made his own helicopter, right?
He made like a little lawn chair with a helicopter blade
on it and like he just landed right next to the Congress.
And they took him to jail.
They should hire that guy.
He makes his own helicopters.
And it was like, OK, great.
This is like, OK, campaign reform.
Now we're going to talk about it a little bit.
And like five minutes later, the top story on CNN
was, how many ISIS could have fit on that helicopter?
What if that was an ISIS?
I think they're so important, people want to kill them.
These lawmakers, oh, they're going to come in here and ISIS us.
Then the country will shut down because there's not
a bunch of fucking jerks banging gavels
and whatever they do in there.
All right, hate government, stupid.
Did you know that Montreal's government is divided
into four quadrants?
The press?
The judicial, the police, and mass transit.
And they all checked and balances.
The way a bill becomes a law, they don't call it a law here.
They call it a lul, is that you have to, a judicial has to,
have an idea.
And then he gives it to a bus driver.
If a majority of the bus drivers,
think that it's an OK idea, then they pass that up to the police.
Who don't carry guns and who simply say thank you.
And then the bus drivers say sorry.
And then they say thank you.
Sorry.
And then after a while, it's a law, but you can break it too.
And they'll just make you a policeman.
It's a perfect system.
You know how many people died here last year?
Zero.
What?
Yeah, it's like Britain.
I assume, I never read it.
Have you seen Brigadoon?
No.
It's like Westworld, but with no guests.
But they're not robots, they just don't die.
You know, it's that last time there was a mass shooting in Canada?
It was a paintball game.
They try not to shoot each other when they play paintball up here.
There was an American, he went nuts, he shot everybody.
And their flags were at quarter mass, four, six deacons,
which is what they call a month here.
Do they have a metric calendar here?
10 months make a year.
Isn't that simpler?
Each month is 10 days.
Makes sense.
How many days in a year?
A hundred.
I was about to say a thousand.
It's a simple system.
Okay, Spencer, can you come share a mic so you can read Cody's lines in this text conversation?
Yeah, so I come up there, I'll use your mic.
Okay, great.
Yeah, okay, so Thursday, 9.03 p.m., you're gray, so you're Cody.
Okay, I might get to your house a little early if that's okay,
so Nicole can drive me and I don't have to Uber.
Are you on your way?
Not yet.
Nicole was gonna drive me in about five to ten minutes,
but I can change that plan if needed.
It's okay, but it necessitates me warning you about one thing.
It's not sex doll related.
Okay, I can wait if it makes you uncomfortable.
That's great, that's awesome.
I can just Uber when you're ready.
That's no big deal.
I guess I'd rather just tell you now because otherwise you'll have to make up guesses in your head.
That was a bad move, Dan.
She just went with it.
That's true.
The new sheets came and Sophia put them on the bed on Tuesday,
and they're gray.
At risk.
And then last night I accidentally kind of shit on them.
Ha ha ha! Oh, my.
And I didn't see until this morning. God.
There's a visible stain.
So what's our plan for sleeping tonight?
Are the old sheets still somewhere?
By the way, I'm not judging you, baby.
Just trying to solve the problem solved for later.
It's also gray.
Well, it's not...
I just need to hit it with some cleaner.
You never had to know, but now I had to tell you because you're getting there before me
and you were going to see this new sheets and want to look at them
and then you were going to see this stain.
Ha ha ha! Okay.
Well, I don't think I'm going to get there before you anyway now
because I released Nicole when you said you had to tell me something.
So I'll just meet you there at seven.
Ergo. Erg.
An auto-corrected different.
Sorry. I didn't know what it was going to be and I didn't want her to keep you...
and I didn't want to keep her waiting, so I just told her to go on.
Well, now you know.
I shit on the new sheets you picked out.
Ha ha. I don't care. I didn't pay for them.
You can order a million more!
I was just making sure we get a plan tonight because I know you're...
because you know I'm sort of OCD about germs.
Trying to get over it, but I'm still not cured.
I... well, yeah, I just was scanning ahead because I didn't want to invade her privacy.
Yeah, I just thought of that.
Yeah.
Kay.
I just thought of that.
No, I have questions.
Good thing she's not OCD about privacy.
By the way, did you already head back to the house because I was going to say if it's easy...
Oh, that's her. Sorry.
That's what you skipped away a lot.
Let's skip ahead.
Yeah.
Let's see.
I was... oh.
Oh, by the way, okay, you read that part, sorry.
I'm really fucking herself.
Kay, by the way, did you already head back to the house because I was going to say if it's easier for me to meet you in BeBank...
I could just do that.
And my social security number...
Oh, well, yeah, I'm almost home.
I was only going home to, you know, clean the shit stain.
Ah, potato.
Is that like a curse word?
No, that's a pet name.
All right, well, I tried.
Well, you can still do that now.
And I know so you can get extra points that would have otherwise just gone unnoticed.
I don't think that's how cleaning up your own shit works.
I think it's better when nobody knows.
By the way, does Levy know about this whole thing?
Because it would make our text exchange a lot funnier if I knew he was covering for you.
Because he was like being super bae.
Right.
That's good though.
It depends on when you talked.
We can compare timestamps and figure it out.
I don't know.
Uh, okay.
Yeah, I don't know.
This is all fine.
Yeah, I mean, well...
I mean, it looks like it transitions out of this conversation.
Great.
Okay, great.
Thank you, Spencer.
Had we planned that, we could have ended on a big thing.
Like a lion coming out in the text or something.
Potato.
I have a couple questions.
I'm a potato.
She's a bean.
Potato and bean.
Yeah, because I'm like a...
Potato is like a giant bean.
Kind of.
But that lives in dirt.
So the beans, don't they?
A bean grows on a plant in the sunlight and it heals people.
It's good for you.
Potato is just a fucking gross piece of shit.
Giant, subterranean, obese bean.
Covered in filth and warts.
Waiting to be dug up and turned into something better by anyone.
Possibly with a knife.
Begging to be cut, stabbed, microwaved.
Speaking of the cacking potatoes and Seth Rogan.
What about the sausage party?
Have you seen this? Have you heard about this?
I've seen the average type.
The foods, they're alive.
They got feelings and personalities.
But here's the thing.
I mean, toy store, you get it.
It's like these are things they're made for children to enjoy
and part of the love of the child brings the toys to life.
I get it.
But you have like lettuce that's like alive
and a potato that's alive and hot dogs that are alive
and bacon that's alive.
But when does that happen?
I mean, the lettuce is obviously always alive or whatever.
When does the bacon stop being a pig
and become an alive piece of bacon?
And is it before it's sliced into bacon?
Does it know it was sliced into bacon?
A hot dog is a conglomeration of a bunch of different meats
and ingredients.
At what point does that become sentience?
Why isn't the herbs and spices in the hot dog?
Are they dead?
Yeah, there's a hot dog bun.
Is the wheat sentient or is the dough sentient?
And it doesn't know it's getting put into an oven?
I think it's like a rated R comedy.
I'm sure they just make fun of that thing and then they...
If they don't explore that premise and come up with a reason,
I'm going to be so pissed because they could
and it would probably be awesome.
But I bet they'll just say,
oh, that's just part of the conceit.
You've got to accept it.
And I will not.
Ha, ha, ha!
Shots fired, sausage party.
But it's probably going to be great.
I mean, I saw the one... I don't care for the ad campaign.
I saw one there was a female taco
and she's got like little sexy legs
and like a hand on her hip, on her taco shell hip.
And it says she likes fish and beef.
Beef and fish.
She's a bisexual taco? Great.
But the fish part is like...
They call it a fish taco, right?
So it's like she's eating out herself?
Kind of?
Yeah.
It's just me.
I don't know.
I don't like it.
Ain't going to see it.
Maybe you guys should go see it, you know?
Oh, I'll see it.
It'll be great.
Dan, did we discuss why Cody hates Seth Rogen so much?
Why does her fucking problem with Seth Rogen?
Stop that.
No one hates Seth Rogen.
He's worth billions of dollars.
Why didn't we get him on the podcast?
Oh, yeah.
We were just saying that.
It's not going to be as a weird douche
in a plane that goes like,
okay, come on, fuck it.
I bet Seth Rogen sits there and he goes,
this is Dan Harmon sitting over there.
And this guy's not even going to look at me.
He's not even going to ask me to come be on Harmontown?
Well, I think he'd be pretty grateful that I didn't bug him.
Maybe he didn't just get whisked out of the airport.
Maybe he ran because he was so ashamed.
He probably has a lot of stuff going on, I think.
What do you have to do?
At what point is your career so awesome
that you get Seth Rogen airport status?
You have to be Seth Rogen.
He's been worth like a billion dollars.
What's the low end of that thing?
What's the threshold you have?
Oh, yeah.
I don't know.
It's probably like DL Hugley or something.
Yeah, yeah.
That's all I was going to say.
I think probably there's like a threshold
you cross right around Hugley level.
Yeah.
Where like maybe like an old person comes
and meets you at the gate and kind of takes you
to like a slightly shorter taxi line.
Did I ever tell Harmontown how I was on the plane
with George Takei, Sulu from Star Trek?
Did I ever tell him?
Yeah.
Oh my.
You never feel safer in your life
when you got Sulu on the plane?
I had to stop following him on Twitter
because he has like a little cottage industry
of like retweeting stuff and then you click.
It's all bad jokes too.
It's not great.
An ad supported like shit fills your screen
and like oh my.
Isn't he mad about the gay Sulu?
Like the openly gay Sulu in that movie?
Wasn't he like mad about it?
I don't know even what you're talking about.
Oh, there's a new Star Trek movie.
There's a new Sulu.
He's openly gay in the character.
And he doesn't like it?
I don't think George Takei likes it.
I guess I could understand that
because he'd be going well, I'm an actor.
I played a character.
Like why are you making him gay?
Just like a nod to my sexuality as a real person?
Yeah.
I guess I kind of get that.
But on the other hand,
I can understand them thinking
he's going to be stoked about this
because he had to be in the closet back then
while he was like a huge star
and that was like probably really unfair and painful.
So in their minds,
they're probably like this is sort of
a little bit of a restitution, you know?
It's like a doffing of the cap,
an apology almost.
So I can understand how there's two heroes
in that story and they're both each other's villains.
Isn't that something?
Well, that's just the world, man.
That's the world we live in.
What if dichotomy was too limited
for the human experience?
What if everything happened in a continuum
that ate itself, you know?
Like what if you shouldn't have to choose
between I heard a guy on public radio,
some Democrat guy that was like pumping people up
for Hillary Clinton and he was like
in between applause swells.
He was like, I don't know who it was
because it was radio.
I couldn't see him in him.
But he was like,
now I know our candidate isn't perfect.
Yeah.
But what do you say?
But it's about not voting for Trump,
basically is what he said.
And it was like,
that's the fucking scam in a nutshell.
It's just fucking sucks.
And it's really not limited to America.
It's just magnified there.
It's such a scam that we've turned elections
into how much you hate someone else.
And so that's just an easy way to get nothing done
because everyone's like,
oh, don't vote for that other person.
There's always someone worse to vote for.
In fact, there's only one person
that's worse or better to vote for.
And it's like, you have to choose.
But it's a dumb crap if I can want to smash my brains
in with a hammer.
I can only threaten suicide now verbally
because it's probably not legal to say
you want to kill someone else.
It would be taken seriously
because there's a lot of people that deserve to die.
It wouldn't be taken as a joke
because that's a threat
because I would want to kill that person too
but you're not allowed to say it for that reason.
I just want to kill so many people.
I mean, are there people like,
I would imagine a lot of you like,
you're Justin Trudeau, right?
Like, are people like him?
Yeah.
He's so charming and so open-minded and sexy
and kind of adorable.
And he created Dunesbury.
Yeah.
So he's very political.
We know that going in.
He knows about the issues
because he made a political cartoon for many decades.
Dunesbury.
Is it possible to still be a government-hating anarchist
when you're prime minister?
Is that charming and sexy?
Yeah.
Good.
That's what I want to hear.
Probably all the more so
because there's probably an effective level
of lower-level government here
that's probably very, you know,
whether or not it's better than most or not,
but it's probably maybe the issues
they have to deal with here are less like,
there's a lunatic in the White House.
He's going to kill us all.
And more just like,
yeah, but this is bullshit and inefficient
and it kind of cheats these people out of this or that.
And so it's probably,
you could probably still hate the government
even if you have a good, good prime minister.
Yeah.
Good.
This is hate government.
Not the government.
You can just hate government.
Yeah.
Who wants to be governed?
Why would they have invented government
if anyone liked being governed?
No one's going to ask for it to happen.
They had to make it up.
Like, you need to be governed.
Well, oh, good.
It's a good thing you told me
because I never would have fucking come up
with that idea on my own.
Someone telling me what to do.
It's not something I'd come up with.
I'd rather hang out.
And then I poop,
and I'm like, who's going to move that
somewhere where it stinks less?
We need to, someone governs someone
and get that out of here.
Don't govern me.
I think King Geraldo's doing a pretty bang-up job, though.
He found Al Capone's vault.
I mean, there was nothing in it, but...
Well, I've run out of lack of material.
Is there...
I never had any.
Whatever I didn't have, I've run out of.
Is there an epilogue to the sheets?
You got one first?
I got home and I found some pet spray,
like some fur carpets.
I tried, you know, I...
For somebody who poops himself as often as you,
you should really have some stain stuff.
Yeah, some nature's miracle.
So I got the old sheets back out.
Did the new sheets come out of the laundry?
I didn't poop on them, no.
No, I'm saying the new ones.
Did they come out all right, or do we know?
Oh, I don't know. They teed up for the laundry.
So they're just right now how I'm just chilling
in the laundry basket?
They're not covered in shit.
It's not like the Manson murders,
but everything's brown instead of red.
It's a little skid mark, okay?
It's like a little...
I coughed.
I coughed and I had been drinking soylent a lot.
Is my girlfriend still out there?
Did she just leave?
She's back in Los Angeles.
She did leave.
Maybe she had to go poop.
I go to the back of the room and there's just a note.
A letter.
Just for laughs, a letterhead that I can use
to get back into America.
You don't need that to get back though, right?
Usually there's just a bunch of ATM-style machines, right?
When you're coming back.
I can't remember now.
I've only dealt with these big ATM...
That's the American way.
Don't use free paper and pens that you borrow from people.
Buy 18, $10,000 machines
and just put them in a row and let them sort it out.
Every three months they'll become obsolete
and you'll have a no-bid contract with whoever makes those machines.
The American way.
Let that shit trickle down to Quebec.
Fucking global hegemony.
If you guys are so smart, why aren't you rich?
Why don't you have missiles?
That's smart. Have a big missile.
What are your top four favorite provinces in Canada?
I mean, I'm going to eliminate Quebec because we're in Quebec.
I think, you know, in my heart...
I'm a sesquipidutra mom.
You've got to catch them all.
Yeah.
But, you know, everybody always says,
Atamata Pia.
He's so close actually. Are you doing this on purpose?
But I think, and that's two, and I got it, nailed it.
So I'll give you Saskatchewan and Ottawa.
And north of that is Peabody and Helmsman.
Wichita.
I don't know, man. It's a big thing.
It's on all of our maps.
It's just like a big square above the world.
And then it's subdivided into squares.
And they all have these names.
Why does Canada always pink on the maps?
Don't let them panic you.
It's not always pink on the maps.
It's a weird, arbitrary thing for him to say.
It's usually white because it's like,
Oh, it's the North Pole. There's penguins up there.
There's beacons and penguins and no one can invade us.
That's what's important.
The penguins are on the bottom of Earth.
You guys don't have any oil or fresh water, do you?
I'm asking for a friend.
This will not come back to bite you.
Just be honest, how much oil and fresh water do you have?
No.
Sell it all for a few dollars.
Are you guys having bad times economically too?
Up here?
No, not really?
Yes, some said no, some said kind of.
We got the full spectrum on that one.
I've never...
It's my fault or America's fault.
But I'm sure I'm 1,250 millionth to blame if it's...
Is it the subprime mortgage thing?
Is it that thing?
Okay, that didn't affect you guys.
Didn't I put grease out of business?
Now there's swastikas painted everywhere in grease.
There are other banks closed.
Someone talked them into investing in a bunch of American real estate or something.
I don't know from nothing.
That's vodka, don't worry.
It's not spit.
Alright, well let's meet some Montralians.
Let's do it.
Okay, who here...
Let's see.
You guys are so nice and quiet and quiet.
That's so nice.
If this was Chicago and I said let's meet some people, there'd just be...
Who here has a birthday in October
and three people would run up on stage that didn't hear that
and just start confessing to us about their pornography?
Somebody would get punched.
So thank you.
Thank you in advance for that.
But then when you get up here, don't be as nice
because that won't be entertaining.
Have flaws and express them.
Who here...
Let's see.
Who here is an American?
Let's bring up...
Well, let's just bring up somebody that's having a hard time of it
for some reason in particular.
You know, it's having a pretty bad day that made it here in spite of it.
Okay, we got Seth Rogen right in the middle here.
Quebecois, Seth Rogen, everybody.
Let's hear it for...
What's your name, sir?
J.P.
J.P., alright.
Destiny, can you leave my iPad hot so I can play music
from time to time and it keeps going back down.
Sir.
Thank you.
What's your name, sir?
J.P.
Hey, J.P., would you just stand for Jean-Paul?
Jean-Philippe.
Yes.
Alright.
Sexy.
You're like an undersea explorer.
Bienvenue.
Merci.
Are you Montreal native?
I was born in Montreal but I'm from...
Use your mic.
I'm born in Montreal but I'm from Ottawa.
Ottawa.
Oh, my favorite province.
Ottawa's lovely.
I was there for a couple of days, had a lovely time.
Yes?
Jean-Philippe, would you like a cocktail with a bunch of touched ice?
Sure.
Okay.
Thanks.
I have vodka and touched ice.
There's no cups, huh?
Oh, there is one.
It's kind of just crushed.
It's not cubed, so it's...
So you transferred it in from Ottawa to be here for the festival?
Yes, just for the show.
Just for us?
Yeah.
Are we living up to your standards?
Of course.
And you are on stage.
Fantastic.
Yes.
What's going on that has made you blue, JP?
In March, my girlfriend passed away.
Oh, here.
There you go.
For those of you listening in audio, they laughed because they handed him a drink.
He didn't give him a hug.
It's going to be the weirdest reaction they've had.
My girlfriend passed away.
Oh.
I'm so...
For Dan, vodka is like a hug.
Yes.
How did...
How long ago?
I'm sorry, I didn't get...
In March.
Okay.
And did we ask what caused?
Pulmonary embolism caused by ambiotic fluid.
Oh, Jesus.
So it was no warning at all.
She was pregnant.
Oh.
All right.
Good night, folks.
Just for tears festival.
Holy smoke.
Yeah.
How old was she?
32.
And so that just came out of the...
Out of nowhere.
So you're...
You're as put together about this and able to share this without a crack in the veneer
because it's just...
It's absolutely necessary.
You had to deal with it and you're just...
You're a brick wall right now.
Try my best.
Yeah.
And so what happens...
After that happens, like in terms of like, do you keep to yourself?
Everyone's like flooding you with emails and phone calls and things.
Do you want to be alone?
It's more or less.
I think what happens is that I immediately afterwards you get like sort of...
It's like a tsunami.
It just hits you.
You have like no repair.
Like you have no idea what's going on.
You're constantly surrounded by people.
And then after one point, like everybody's gone.
Like you have your family, you have your close friends, but then you sort of realize sort
of the extent of the damage.
Meaning that you say...
The tsunami is referring to a bunch of people flooding you with condolences and...
The condolences and also the fact like she passed away.
Like it comes out of nowhere.
Like it sort of just hits you.
And it's probably, I would imagine, it's probably timed right so that just when you might actually
need some like sympathy, it's probably timed just after everyone is kind of like,
Okay, I did my part.
Yeah, pretty much.
That's pretty much.
You awaken to this tragedy after your body has protected you through numbness and stuff.
And you regain sensitivity and then you're largely alone.
And as you said, you're surveying the damage.
Like what is...
Give us a detail, not about the event.
I think it's too ghoulish to...
But about the loss, about afterword.
Like I don't know, paperwork or like what is...
When you're married and then you lose your partner, like what is the worst like non-emotional inconvenience?
I think pretty much the paperwork is...
You have so much paperwork to fill up.
It's amazing.
The insurance for the hospital and everything, everything you have to deal with.
It's like, it's a non-stop barrage of paperwork.
And I snap a few times that people on the phone won't have to fill up and they're like,
Oh yeah, the doctor needs to fill that stop on.
I just call them up and like, motherfucker, just leave me be for just five minutes alone.
Yeah, that was just about to ask that before you said it.
Like you must several times a day or a week, like you must just explode into a righteous outrage.
Because you're talking to someone that's just like...
Oh, you have to fill out a Z stroke 9-2 and they're not even...
You have to remind them why this is happening and what's going on.
Oh yeah, a few times you have to call like, for example, like, I don't know,
like her phone company and they're like, tell them like, we have to cancel her contract.
And they're like, Oh, what's the reason?
And it's like, well, she passed away and like you just hear their enthusiasm just drop.
Sort of like in the room way and when I announce what happened, like the same thing, like...
Well, it sort of feel bad that like you invite somebody, oh, here it's not feeling well.
Enthusiasm dropping is a negative way of putting it.
I think it's them like opening up to, you know, they're like, Oh, I need to be on alert.
I'm not going to trample all around us.
I'm going to like be careful now and like...
How long did you know her?
10 years.
And you're married for how long?
Oh, we were not married.
Oh, sorry.
No, it was like a common law couple.
Pardon?
Common law.
Wow.
Did you have any...
Do you have any moments when you do one of those snaps where you like shut somebody down
or just like go into a Sam Jackson monologue?
Do you have any memories of any like choice singers that you just dropped a bomb on somebody
on the phone?
It happened a few times, yes.
Do you remember like your favorite one?
It's mostly like people when they talk about it.
Yeah, trying to recall, but it's such a blur right now, but it's mostly like...
How long ago did you say it happened?
I'm sorry.
March 7th.
Wow.
Are you just numb to walk around in kind of a daze?
Have you kind of since come back to you at all?
More or less, yes.
Yeah?
Yeah, like today I was just walking around for a few hours before the show and you do
feel like sometimes you snap back, you snap out and you just relive the moment again and
again and again.
Do you have like a friend or a family member or do you have like any circle of people that
are like...
Like there's been like someone to totally rely on and...
Oh, yes.
Oh, good.
That's awesome.
My first month, my best friend lived with me, so he was very kind and I thanked him for
doing that and I thanked his wife to allow him to spend some time with me and she was
like, super happy.
You can have him.
Oh, yes.
She was like, oh, you can keep it for as long as you want.
Are you sure?
I'm getting so much shit done at the house right now.
It's amazing.
Exactly.
That's what she kept saying.
I get stuff done finally because he's like...
Wow.
How many people this year or within a year or so, how many people out here have lost a
loved one?
There was like a big pause.
You made people clap for that, by the way.
Well, let's hear it, everybody.
Put those hands together for lost loved ones.
Well, they came to a comedy show.
They're probably looking forward to a little levity.
That was less applause than I thought I'd hear.
It must be lonely, not even the sense that you lost a loved one, but it's a lonely experience.
There's not a bunch of people around you that understand what's happening to you.
There was no time to even prepare yourself for it.
It just happened.
It's just the rugs completely pulled out from under you.
Exactly.
My mother passed away and we knew.
It was a process and you emotionally kind of get ready for that.
But I can't imagine if somebody went poof like that.
It's horrifying.
What's the thing that you put yourself into?
What's something that makes you really happy, that you indulge in, that kind of helps you stay?
Well, it takes your mind off of things.
What's something that's just a habit or an indulgence?
Spending time with friends.
That's mostly it.
Just spending time, is that what you said?
Spending time with friends, yes.
What do you do when you spend time with them?
Just chat?
Just chat and talk about stories.
Her name was Mary, so just talk about Mary and stories and share funny stories.
Oh, so you're not taking your mind off it with anything?
Well, more or less.
We're not spending 24 hours just talking about her constantly.
We're just chatting about different things.
So at this point, it's all about remembering and stuff.
So you don't play Minecraft.
I knew you were hoping he was going to say Minecraft.
No, my nephew, he's a big player.
Okay.
Does he play with mod packs?
Yes.
He just recently started playing with mod packs.
Feed the Beast mod packs?
I don't know.
Okay.
Is he here tonight?
Is he in the audience?
No, he's not here, right?
No, no, he's not here.
Okay.
Because I found a bug in the Feed the Beast unstable mod pack.
If you take an Iron Bucket up to an Ender IO...
This is how Dan deals with grief, everybody.
Just pass this on to everything into a Minecraft conversation.
Dan, it's okay to cry.
Well, I'm not...
Yeah, I mean, I have no idea how I'll deal with death.
I mean, it's terrifying.
Me neither.
I'm really actually...
I'm in denial about my denial, about my denial of death.
Like, it hasn't been put to the test at all yet.
And now I feel like there's no wood to knock on and all this stuff.
And I just like, yeah, I can't even...
I've been so lucky and so untouched by that side of reality.
And I just can't...
I'm gonna show the world the new definition of pussy when anything bad happens to me.
Like, I'm gonna be up on my roof wailing at the moon for six years.
I felt like doing that sometimes.
Is there a way to do that?
Do you have a therapist?
Yes.
Are they good?
I don't know.
I'm actually seeing two.
Two of them?
Did they both know?
It's like, that's good, that's good.
Keep them on their toes.
I like that.
I always start my therapy sessions,
but I take them through all the previous therapists
and like how I fired them, like what I did.
I caught one of them crying and they lied about it.
Their eyes were watering and I said,
why are you crying?
And they said, because it's such an emotional story.
I said, no, it's not.
And because it wasn't.
And then like 20 minutes later, the therapist said,
I'm sorry, I feel really bad.
I had eye surgery recently.
Cosmetic eye surgery.
So my eyes are watering.
So my instinct was to lie about it.
Okay, good session.
So go out there and be a good person then.
Take two of these, call you in the morning.
They're supposed to pay you at that point for that breakthrough.
Yeah, yeah.
So I just never went back anyways.
But yeah, and I always tell that story to my new therapist
that I'm like laying down the law.
I'm like, you better fix my head.
And you better be good.
I'm like saw, like when he has that doctor come in
and give him craniectomy, because he's got like some kind of thing.
And he's like, I'm like saw.
Okay.
There's like nine saw movies.
Now can I ask you just like a crash question?
Like is that state health care stuff?
Like you get that as a Canadian, you get therapy.
It's part of your...
No, it's through my employer.
Okay.
All right.
So now you stay here, Sean Philipp.
Okay.
So who's having like a fantastic...
Let's go for gender balance.
I see a young lady raising her hand.
You back here.
Let's get a woman up here.
What's your name, ma'am?
Shayna.
Mademoiselle Shayna, everybody.
Welcome Shayna up here.
All right.
He's moving down a stool.
You instinctively applied Carson rules.
Like proximity to me is like the important thing.
He just moved over like Ed McMahon.
Shayna, you're looking very smart and vintage.
I like your outfit there.
Thank you.
Oh, thank you.
Where are you from, Shayna?
I'm from Texas.
No shame?
Yeah.
What part of Texas?
West Texas, the dirt round shitty part of Texas.
West Texas?
Yeah.
Like the city of West Texas?
No, Lubbock.
Lubbock.
No.
You know, the typewriter was invented in Texas.
Was it?
Yes.
That's exciting.
And the president of Texas is a lady.
Did you know that?
It's only.
And it's the shape of a boot.
Yes.
Yep.
That sounds right.
Okay.
So why are you so happy?
Don't you know this guy's wife died?
I'm very sorry.
How do you know you're a problem lady?
I'm a sociopath.
That's why I'm happy.
No.
So I'm actually here with my boyfriend.
It's between our birthdays.
So this was our birthday present.
Do you guys, how close are your birthdays?
His is on the 13th of July.
Mine's on the 4th of August.
Okay.
So you guys have agreed to, because your birthdays are relatively close, you've merged them into
a by birthday?
No.
No, no.
It was just that I wanted to come here for my birthday and he wanted to be here for
his birthday.
So here we are.
My show specifically, right?
Yes.
That was a lie.
No.
Okay.
I know.
I listened to your show.
I'm aware.
I'm sorry.
Don't apologize, Hannah.
Don't apologize.
There's no apology necessary.
You're not Canadian.
You're a Texan.
Tell me you'll leave if I don't give you enough money.
See, I actually, I have a custom story.
Okay.
So I met a man on World of Warcraft.
You wait.
I'm sorry.
You met a man on World of Warcraft?
I did.
Yes.
Does your boyfriend know about this man?
Yeah.
He's aware.
Okay.
This was a long time ago.
This was around eight years ago, something like that.
Okay.
So he's French-Canadian and we decided to elope, but when I came through customs, they thought
I was a mail order bride because my ex-husband is much older than me.
And so they just put us through the ringer.
Every time I went through customs, like I get pulled aside with the immigrants for three
hours and I have to wait.
They take me into a room and they grill me.
This is Canadian customs, by the way.
This isn't US customs.
So they thought you were marrying a Canadian to become a Canadian?
I think so.
Yeah.
Who does that?
I don't know.
It's going to happen a lot in November.
Yeah.
A lot of people will be doing that.
Is that even necessary?
I thought that was like...
It seems that there's a black market.
You pay about $300,000 for the healthcare card because when you immigrate here...
Oh, the healthcare thing.
Yes.
Of course.
So there are people trying to come up here and get pharmaceuticals and stuff.
Well, you'll have people that have cancer and cancer is so expensive to treat in the
US that you come to Canada and it's much more manageable.
And all you have to do is marry some schmuck and pay...
What a mind-fuck that is.
Like, oh, there's cancer.
Cancer and cancer is so expensive.
What's the fucking mind-fuck?
What the fuck?
Did we kill God?
What is wrong with us?
Cancer is so expensive in America.
It's like the worst place to get cancer.
What the fuck is wrong with us?
It's the easiest place and the worst place.
Yeah.
Because it's probably Wi-Fi, right?
Wi-Fi has given it to all of us.
I blame the Wi-Fi, yeah.
So it's that time we crossed with customs, it took us seven days and three attempts
to get across the border to Canada.
So there are three attempts.
So what is a failed attempt like?
They go like, you don't love him, you just want a Band-Aid and then they just...
Get out of here and you just go and then you try to come back in.
They turn you around, there's like a mile between the two customs, they turn you around
and you have to go back through US customs and explain why you were turned around at
the Canadian border.
And that's really awkward because when you come back through, they're like, what the fuck
are you doing here?
And then you're like, oh, well, they turned us around and they're like, really?
Yeah.
Why?
What if they know that we don't know?
Yeah.
If they don't like you, why should we like you?
And the second time, it's always the same customs we tried.
So the second time we came back over, they're like, oh, it's you again, huh?
And they're like, don't worry, Canadian customs is really shitty, but you're okay with us.
You're always welcome back into the United States, and yeah, I know, it's really weird.
It's always been Canadian customs that's been a problem for me, I don't know.
Shayna, can I ask you a question?
Sure.
Are you a drug mule?
No.
No?
Okay.
No.
Are you holding?
But you're in Montreal, you can find something if you want.
I want to talk about how do you fall in love with somebody over a world of...
So we used to raid together a lot, the world of Warcraft by nature is time consuming, and
it's also very social.
So you spend a lot of time talking to people, and you work together in raids, and you defeat
bosses, and that's very kind of dumbing down what WoW is, but so I would spend probably
eight, nine hours a night with this guy and my guilds doing raids, and you just get to
know a person over that time, and we started talking on MSM Messenger, this was a long
time ago.
And you're like, Leroy Jenkins, I love you.
Pretty much, yeah.
Yeah, exactly.
I would like to be Mrs. Leroy Jenkins.
Will you make me the happiest?
At least I'll have chicken.
But yeah, no, so we met over there, we got to know each other, and then eventually we
decided to do the intelligent thing by eloping, and then it turned out that that was a bad
idea.
How long did that marriage last?
Almost five years.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
Divorce is a good thing, like I've changed my position on this recently, and it doesn't
have anything to do with like, you know, Erin and I had a great, tragically short marriage,
but not speaking about the marriage and the quality of it, or especially the quality of
a partner at all, like putting all of that aside, the idea of divorce, it really shocks
your system into letting go of a bunch of shit you didn't know you were, I always just had
all these presuppositions I didn't even know I had about how you're supposed to live the
second half of a full life, like oh, I'm supposed to do this, I'm supposed to do that, and it's
not that I'm not necessarily going to do those things now, I may get married and have kids
or something like that, but now I live in this world where I'm like, oh, none of that
is like a carryover for my Midwestern upbringing, like there's not any like tapes that I'm playing
in my head that I'm like following the soundtrack of, and I have to imagine, divorce psychologically
is as beneficial as like coming out of the closet must be for somebody who like comes
out, like because it's like, okay, I'm not going to care as much about spilling a drink
at dinner anymore, I'm not going to like freak out, because like I had to tell my parents
I'm gay, or I had to look at them, I had to tell everyone I invited to my wedding that
thanks for coming and like witnessing us and like, well, we talked about how in love
we were and stuff, and we were just kidding, like, and then you, and then you, and then
they go, that's all right, it was a fun party, thanks for inviting me, I like wearing my
suit, and then you wake up the next day and you're not dead, and you're like, holy shit,
I can do like, what's my favorite color, I don't know, maybe I should have one, I hate,
I refuse to have a favorite color, it's so fucking dumb, you know that, you're a fan
of the show, John Philippe, what is your reaction to happy people when you're in this time of
grief, like, do you secretly like wish that they, you know, is there a resentment, is
there...
Well, there were some resentment, especially towards my friend, because their lives sort
of continue on, while mine has stopped, but at one point you have to accept that that's
how life is, is that mine has temporarily stopped, but other people are allowed to have
fun, other people are allowed to enjoy themselves, and eventually I will.
That is a double therapist talking, this guy's got it with Bill Ferrell, you're like, you're
like, Cyber Christ, no, Cyber Christ was evil, that's Lawnmower Man...
I'd like after the show, if you're hanging around, like, I'd love to just have a drink
and just chat with you about...
Well, for sure, you probably won't be able to buy your own drinks after this at the bar.
I'm good with that.
And this guy, we're gonna get you so fucked up.
Whenever they open the bar, I don't know, it's like...
They're not gonna let you back in the Ottawa, you're like, no, you're staying in Montreal.
I got no problem with that.
Are you going to the shows while you're here, or are you...
That's the only one?
Really?
I feel so...
Pressured, and embarrassed, yes, I know, it's terrible, I came here to, like, I should
have had a letter and I, like, I should have had an act, I should have had material.
I am going to, do you have, like, not a rap beat, but, like, a beautiful, like, a ballad
kind of thing?
You're talking to me, right?
Yeah.
Yeah, let's see what we have here.
You know, I'm very curious to know what you're about to do with this.
I just want to sing to Montreal, and I don't think it's gonna make John Philippe feel better,
but it may make a...
No.
Shayna.
It may make Shayna bummed out, and I think John Philippe will secretly like that.
That's my strategy.
Yeah.
Oh, shit.
Oh, yeah.
Kingdom of the North.
Yeah.
Get back.
Oh, Jean Mapelle.
Yeah.
Get back.
Oh, Jean Mapelle.
Yeah.
Oh, shit.
Pardonne moi.
Ss, voulez-vous coucher?
Trois.
Qu'est-ce que moi?
Un, deux, trois, quatre, cinq, six, sept.
Huit.
Oh.
Yeah.
Damn.
Huit is eight.
Yeah.
Weak is eight.
Shoe's are skates.
Because it's cold up here.
Except in the summertime.
Yeah.
Who are you?
Canadian John.
Oh, shit.
It's Canadian John.
I'm here all week long.
week long just for laughs they ain't paying you no just for laughs damn are you
drunk no they don't have anybody serving are you mad about that no cuz I'm not
petty yo I love Canada fucked your mama so hard she had a handle on it so
she could pull me into bed anytime she wanted instead of waiting because you're
mama don't like to wait oh cuz her pussy she knows it's great she wants to
welcome me into her bed I laid down so hard up turned her into bread
cuz you ground her into a pasty powder you don't know anything about how
bread gets me do you know yo that's all right you don't gotta know nothing about
nothing here we go here comes a rap I guess yo I saw your mama in 2010 she
was so horny I had to pay her in yen your mama's Chinese she brought me to
my knees oh okay there was a little loop scene there yeah okay we're gonna start
over here we go yeah okay yeah yeah socialize all your medicine fuck your
mama so hard then I fuck her again and I used a bus and a trolley to get there
just because I'm Canadian and I fuck your mom Canadian style means I eat some
bacon and some mayonnaise while I do it and then I do it again and again and
again and then I apologize mayonnaise and fries for the prize for the mayonnaise
on the fries don't apologize for that yo what a sweet surprise but your mama so
hard I bronzed her thighs turned him into a trophy had a cup of coffee
sunrise sunsets again set my watch quarter past ten metric systems better
than feet and yards fucked your mama softer than hard did it in the morning
did it at night did it on a train all right Shayna is in the house sh a y and a
yeah yeah Jean Philippe don't forget about Jean Philippe yo JP to the motherfucking
JP JP to the J to the P to the P to the J what what about me if you flip my name
it's good PJs are on let's dance for pajamas JP fucks all day long when he's
sitting at home he don't play Minecraft he's your mama's a life raft he's that
French that's how French he is JP yo JP gonna rap with me JP gonna rap in a
second we've got to set him up first we're gonna tee him up so good yo yo JP
are you ready to rap yo yeah all right yeah oh yeah yo kicky baby dance all
right welcome welcome to Montreal motherfucker and then you come in and do
the Rihanna hook on this one all right yeah okay yeah so yeah a little bit
rich part where you'll you'll maybe sing a little bit like you'll go like oh no
or something like 1990 yeah yeah yeah yeah I mean yeah I mean no wrong
answers oh there's a monitor you can see me okay yes that's fine
yeah yeah yeah yeah okay yeah there we go yeah yeah break a dawn yeah yeah all
morning long had the break of dawn all morning long my dawn keeps breaking in
half from your mama like veal that's a baby calf
I ate her in a restaurant fuck your mama in French she was all carol yeah she
had style on the runway fuck your mama in all of the right ways then I turned
left gave it a spin I saw David Bowie looking at me with a grin he's he's
passed away now but when he was alive he was a fashion icon let's get this
okay all right yo yeah oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah oh shit myself
yeah oh yeah
no I didn't know I didn't really shit I shouldn't joke about that yeah yeah
oh yeah Canada yeah oh yeah it's a big country above us everybody likes to go
to work with my boss they're not so reliant on cars they know who cares
about that shit okay yo yo okay alright we're gonna go again one more time I'm
gonna throw it to you and then you know you do what you do and then you'll do
the the Rihanna hook okay it's gonna be great okay yo yo yeah yo yo yeah yo yeah
what a country what a place to be fuck your mama so hard she fell out of a
tree I told her to climb back up I gave her a cat and a pup we crossed
reading them into a strange animal that fetches mice that's really nice yeah I
let the doctor fucking marode and words yo yeah yo yeah okay yeah yeah now we're
gonna rap for real it's gonna be good Sean Philippe is on the microphone we're
gonna rap so he feels less alone in his time of need with all his heels that he
has to keep balance with the world is too real creeping at you with this dark
grip trying to remind you that nothing means nothing but fuck this Sean
Philippe is gonna rap for us and then we're all gonna buy a drink and get on a
bus go there comes a tree I didn't believe I'll be sitting on this
yeah yeah I didn't think that I'll be here right now rapping with them harm and
this is a real treat that I'm living front-rap front-rap
oh shit that was JP in the house the motherfucking to the C with the JP with
the letters filling everything in for me this motherfucker's making Canadian rap
history he came up here under duress and he addressed his pain and now he's
less stressed because I'm a miracle worker and now I solved all of his
problems yeah the first time I saw your mom I fucked it so hard
yeah let's wrap about peas and carrots that was a lot of
rapping right I don't know what you said I'll say it sounded legit the sound
like some good French rapping yeah that's a good good good job French rapping
like you did you feel like like it was more liberated right yeah I didn't have
to how do you rap JP how do you rap and in French I fucked your so mom she fell
out of a tree I think that might be our new slogan
how much time do we have left I usually five minutes actually okay I usually
ask that question the show's going really well when I feel great about what
I've done I mean no channel you came up and you said you wave your arms near
because you're having a great time it's just because you love your boyfriend
and you're having a ball or something special going on I pretty much all of
that I have a new job that's going really well what's the job I work as a
social media coordinator at a place called blind ferret we do webcomics and
subscription boxes for comics and board games blind ferret blind ferret kind of
would have rhymed real well with peas and carrots I didn't know it's gonna
break it down M.C. Spencer here I go I'm so cool but I try to stay woke I'm a
bad guy I'm a really big bloke there I went I just chose also though if I may
interrupt you yes I actually made some posters would it be possible to get that
sign yes I can't bring up on stage and sell them with a top dollar what was
definitely it was like I came up can I get changed for a dollar because the
boyfriend what's your name sir brand boy friend ready wearing a Rick and Morty
shirt I don't have a pen they're very rare you see I carry them because I'm
prepared for customs hit you right in the hand yeah a sharpie probably be
better yeah all right what business do we have left what's it what what hasn't
been done yeah like what's good standing between this and a good show like
like people going like that was a great show well what's that tell us a joke
that makes sense so that's not a that's not an invalid tell them all this math
joke well this math joke the welder's met now or give a new one all right well
the kid is walking and he finds a welder's mask and there's a guy pulls up
and says like hey kid and the kid gets in the truck and he's like I did do you
know what a dude do you know what a fallacious is and the kid says no and
then the guy says you know what do you know what do you know what pseudomy is
and the kid says no and he says do you know what a pedophile is and he says
listen mister I gotta tell you I'm not a real welder that's the worst telling of
the aristocrat show and then the duck with the guy comes into the brothel and
gets a duck because they're out of human hookers and so they give him a duck and
he has a great time with the duck so he comes back the next day and he says I
can I have the duck and they give him a duck and he says that's great and they
said that'll be twice as much money as last time I forgot to mention the price
and he says why and he said they said because you have AIDS now because the
duck gave you AIDS because that's a different duck and they're all identical
you can't tell which one as guys like well why does it have to be a different
duck why couldn't it have gotten AIDS and they said how fast do you think an AIDS
duck test is like you have to send it off and there's a centrifuge and it's
like that's not like that's that's not something that we consider worth it in
our brothel budget so it's like I'm telling you it was two different ducks
why would I lie and the guys like great so now I have AIDS that got transmitted
from a duck really and they're like yeah boy we're we're prostitutes not
scientists but pretty sure if a duck has AIDS and you fuck it you need AIDS
that's been our Charlotte and Yonah
It's here for J.T.
Also it's here for Maggie everybody
Maggie right? Is it Maddie or Maggie?
Your girlfriend Maddie or Maggie?
Maddie.
Maddie everybody.
All of our wonderful thoughts send up to Maddie wherever she is because J.P. is a
wonderful dude and didn't deserve all that to happen we love you J.P.
Let's go out and talk to her. Shame everybody Dan Siner-Puster, Fraser
Creighton and I'm Jeff Davis your mayor Dan Harmon thank you so much
let's all go downstairs and we're upstairs and open the goddamn bar shall
go in. Try fast and take chances everybody.
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show.